This is my first GoPro, so I went with a slightly older/cheaper model to see how well I liked it. I love the videos and pictures capabilities, although as other reviewers have mentioned, the battery life goes quickly!!! I ended up buying more batteries so that I had backups when I'm out and about and taking a lot of video. My only complaint is that the package delivered did NOT include the USB-C charging cable that is pictured and listed in the description. I had to go buy one. Not the end of the world, but definitely an inconvenience and another $10 or so that I shouldn't have had to spend. 
Love the 9 black. The battery life is not a good as go pro claims. I get about a 1.5 hour recording time. There is a oem 2 pack of batteries here for $40 I highly recommend.
I use this GoPro for hiking, camping, and other uses that need horizontal stabilization. The video, photos and sound are superb. Definitely need several batteries.
While the camera is pretty sweet, all works as expected, the battery life may be longer than the hero 8, but you'll want 2 or more batteries if you're going to be filming more than an hour or so. It drains pretty fast even just fiddling with the menu, faster at filming anything 2.7K and up. The touch screen is a but frustrating, but it's small - so expected. The App makes it much easier to operate your camera.... but then you have to fiddle with your phone AND your cam. This is the Ecommerce package, so it's stripped down. You get the camera, the battery, and a 9 or so cable, and a helmet mount. The booklet is a bunch of warnings in a bunch of languages, but no usage instructions at all. No carry case or memory card. Which is fine since it doesn't say it's included, but the retail packaging does include some of those things. You will be left to watch Youtube videos and what not to learn how to use the camera. It's pretty versatile and has a lot of option settings so worth it - but this should REALLY come with a print manual. You can get the PDF on the GoPro website.
I'm new to the GoPro fad and ordered the GoPro Hero 9 for my starting camera. From what I've been able to figure out I think I'll like it just fine and it's a great start into filming my adventures. The biggest drawback of this is that there is no instruction manual how to easily use the camera. Would have given an overall 5 but can't because I'm struggling to get it to do what I want. I'm sure I'll figure it out but when you buy something you expect to have instructions with it.
The only reason this isn’t a 1 star review is because the product is good, but the 128 GB memory card and card reader advertised are nowhere to be found. If ordering, make sure add a memory card to your cart just in case.
I recently purchased the GoPro Hero 9 Bundle with the accessory bundle and I absolutely love it! The camera's video and photo quality is outstanding – I'm getting sharp and vivid shots every time. The 5K video resolution is a game-changer The accessory kit really blew me away. It's like a Swiss Army knife for my GoPro. From mounts to protective gear, it has everything I need for any kind of adventure. They all seem well made and comes with a nice case to fit everything. I love the floating grip; it allowed me to capture stunning footage during my trip without worrying about losing my GoPro in the lake. Overall I really love the kit.
This is the first GoPro I've ever owned and it's honestly lifechanging. It came with so many different attachments and stuff that I'm still trying to figure out. I do wish it came with any sort of manual with helpful information about what the different pieces should/could be used for because it's like playing with alien tools as a first timer lol.
This product is simply excellent for filming under water. Stabilization gives you a stable video quality even when you ride a seabob with a speed 3) I truly recommend GoPro 9.
We love these Hero9 cameras. They have been working out great for us.
I installed this on my motorcycle after buying an aftermarket battery door that allows me to run power to it from the battery. I'll need more time using it before giving it 5 stars.
If you think your just going to start using a gopro and have all these videos to share, it's a little more involved. They take excellent pictures and video but there's a learning curve to edit and share.
Sold and shipped properly, however no memory card was provided though implied from the advertisement of storage capability.
The package contained no user manual; after a but if hunting I found a PDF version on their web site. Once I got started there is lots of help built in if you are patient.
This is my first time trying a gopro so I didn't have much expectations. It works, it records, the video quality is a little low but overall its fine. My only problem with this item is the app, as you cannot see what you are recording on your phone
GoPro camera itself is easy to use and takes great video and pictures at high resolution. HOWEVER, THE BATTERY LAST MAYBE 2 HOURS MAX! VERY DISAPPOINTING especially paying $300. The battery should have longer lasting battery life before having to recharge. I had to order 2 extra batteries and I highly recommend you get the extra batteries. But come on GoPro yall can do better on the battery!
I've been using the GoPro 7 for a while and thought it's time for an upgrade. This is far better and doesn't disappoint! Works amazing for my YouTube videos, and the audio quality is pretty good as well!
I purchased my GoPro Hero9 Black in July 2022 and am super happy with it! It's my first GoPro and I'm happy I purchased this. Since purchasing it, I have brought it along with me on all my hikes and have used it underwater once so far and it's amazing! I used it once on a multi-pitch rock climb and it took all the videos and photos I needed. I haven't taken it out for any ice climbing or winter hiking yet....but will do soon and hope to update my review. The Hero 10 had come out but heard it was still buggy, and bought the Hero 9 instead. Especially after good reviews from other Hero9 users. Check out my YouTube videos I've made using this product at @HawaiiGirlAdventures
I bought this for a beach vacation so I could capture all the moments without worrying about sand or water damages on my phone. I absolutely loved it! Battery lasted way longer than my hero4 and the video quality was definitely an upgrade. I use it for general video and photos so it was perfect for use without worry. I was able to capture all the underwater moments and with great quality!
Bought this as a dash cam. While this is going to be its primary use I have found that it does take absolutely amazing pictures as a standalone camera. The only complaint I have about it is the battery life. After only two days of owing it. I had to make sure that having spare batteries on hand is something that is extremely necessary as it only comes with one
This was my first interaction with a GoPro and I selected the 9 due to the overall quality vs cost this is the best bang for your buck. It has most of the features of the newer versions. The build quality is outstanding. The quality of the images is excellent and the QUIK app is straight forward and makes it easy to use your phone as the remote for the camera which means you don’t need to spend additional money to remotely operate the camera. This Hero9 is awesome.
Of course this is an amazing little camera. Bought this one for a quick trip to dive with whales and all my other (5 GoPros) were in a bag that was far away. I always turn to the GoPro for anything action or underwater. You can always count on shooting in 4K and being able to crop in and adjust the viewing of anything you film.
Love my go pro, this version did not come with a case. The retail version i believe does? No biggie they werent advertising in amazon that it did come with a case, but i thought it might when ordering it off amazon. Does not come with case
I bought this for my mom for her birthday and she loves it! She rides horses and would always say that she wishes she could record her and her horse out on trails. I looked into what camera would be best for her and found this one, I am so glad I got this for her! She loves the quality and even says that she is surprised at how good the video comes out even when they are going through areas where she’s sure that the video won’t be clear. I definitely recommend this!
Great purchase I have nothing negative to say slight edge over the 8 not to much of a noticeable difference but I definitely recommend it from the 8 and up for sure they all offer slightly different specifications but you honestly can’t go wrong with either great quality.!
